"Is that a monkey?"
"I scream for ice cream."
"It's okay to be a little bit gay."
"What about now? Do you want to do it now?"
"I believe I can fly!"
"You know what, yeah, I think I will."
"Welcome to the old world."
"If you don't want a sarcastic answer, then don't ask a stupid question."
"I swear I'm not crazy!"
"There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. Then you'll quickly realize you're completely wrong."
"Between two evils, I generally like to pick the one I never tried before."
"Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light. Having a buddy makes the chance of getting robbed so much smaller."
"This is my fourth beer today."
"Shit."
"Books are just dead trees."
"This shit is bananas, b-a-n-a-n-a-s!"
"If you're standing on the toilet, you're high on pot."
"Call me Agent 47."
"Friends? What is that? I don't know that word."
"I miss my mama."
"I shut my eyes in order to sleep."
"Those who quote me are fools."
"Good luck."
"Seriously, I have no idea what I'm doing."
"Just see this as an opportunity to become a better person."
"Ever just enter a room and don't remember why you're there?"
"I should stop staring at my screen."
"Sometimes it's hard to avoid others."
"You thinking what I'm thinking? Let's both say it at three. 1...2...3 Monkeys."
"To breath or not to breath, that is the question."
"I'm on the alley to heaven."
"An elevator must smell different to a midget."
"Want to see something cool?"
"Goodnight moon. Goodnight tree. Goodnight ghosts that only I can see."
"Guess I'll die."
"Finally free, I hate work."
"I don't feel like getting dressed."
"That's fucked up."
"Blackmail is such an ugly word. I prefer extortion. The X makes it sound cool."
"Time to get schwifty."
"I'm just here for the free drinks."
"Do you have some money I could loan?"
"I had a nightmare."
"What is the big deal about borrowing money? I do it all the time! Sometimes, I even pay it back!"
"We are all just hairless ape."
"Jet fuel can't melt steel beams."
"What could go wrong?"
"See mom, no hands."
"You know what! I will!"
"Be right back, going to hit the toilet for a quick power sob."
"Age only matters for a couple of things, like cheese or wine."
"My favorite outdoor activity is going back inside."
"Time is a great teacher, too bad nobody has it anymore."
"I may be drunk, but in the morning I'll be sober, and you'll still be ugly."
"Hey, do you play D&D?"
"That's totally something a Virgo would say."
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else."
"Forgive me father, for I have sinned."
"If live gives you lemons give them back. What are you supposed to do with lemons?"
"Uhum, sure."
"You think I really give a fuck?"
"Nah."
"If looking good was a crime, you'd be a law-abiding citizen."
"With great power comes great need to take a nap. Wake me up later."
"Support bacteria – they're the only culture some people have."
"Let's get this party started."
"How about... no."
"Rabbit ears, we have RABBIT EARS!"
"As long as people accept crap, I'll be giving it to them."
"If the world ends tomorrow I'm glad I won't have to see you again."
"What is wrong with you?"
"Don't eat yellow snow."
"Don't take a piece of candy from strangers, take two."
"That's my fetish."
"Caw caw, motherfuckers."
"Come on, what's the harm in trying it just once."
"What is your fursona?"
"Break a leg, or an arm, whatever you prefer, just break something."
"No time like the past."
"You look a bit like Snorlax."
"School is useless."
"Now, the recipe calls for 2 shots of vodka, but we all know that isn't enough."
"Do you think I'm cute? Be honest."
"Remember kids, stay in drugs and don't do school."
"You're doing a great job buddy. I'm sure your mom is proud of you."
"If opportunity doesn't knock, it probably stood you up."
"Children are our most valuable resource. They sell for quite a lot on the black market."
"New year, new FIFA."
"The higher the buildings, the longer the stairs."
"Tell me… Is being stupid a profession or are you just gifted?"
"I'm not broke, just in debt."
"War doesn't determine who is right, war determines who is left."
"Who are you?"
"I watch it for the plot."
"Let's get wasted."
"If you can't say anything good about someone, just lie."
"That really ruffles my feathers."
"That sounds about right."
"You do you boo."
"Why are people staring at me?"
"No, no, no. I'm not insulting you. I'm just describing you."
"I've come to a point in my life where I need a stronger word than fuck"
"Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter because it's all a simulation."
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night."
"Bitch please."
"My expectations were low but holy fuck."
"What doesn't kill me should run, because now I'm fucking pissed."
"Uh-oh Spaghetti-os."
"Time to get dirty."
"There's dead people here and rats and shit."
"That was an accident, I swear!"
"I love the warm winter weather."
"If I'm walking on thin ice, I might as well dance my way across."
"If the path before you is clear, you're probably on someone else's."
"Can't wait for your funeral."
"Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them, and you have their shoes."
"This beat is sick."
"Time to go on an adventure!"
"I think my guardian angel drinks."
"I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people."
"Everything has beauty, even you, though it's very hard to see."
"You sure you want to do this?"
"I see dead people."
"Did you watch the game last night?"
"What am I doing here?"
"I would love to live in a post-apocalyptic world."
